[Serve] Update AIR Examples to use new API, add linked guide (#27733)
ray-project/ray: doc/source/serve/ray-air-serve-guide.md

> # Serving Ray AIR `Checkpoint`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Serving Ray AIR `Checkpoint`s
```

[Ray AI Runtime (AIR)](air) is a scalable and unified toolkit for ML applications. Ray Serve is part of Ray AIR.

> It natively integrates with AIR's `Predictor` and `Checkpoint` abstraction to enable seamless transition from training to serving.
> You can learn more about how to serve Ray AIR Checkpoint in [this guide](air-serving-guide).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It natively integrates with AIR's `Predictor` and `Checkpoint` abstractions to enable seamless transition from training to serving.
You can learn more about how to serve Ray AIR Checkpoints in [this guide](air-serving-guide).
```
